Updates pertinent to WSL Profiles (#118)
canonical/landscape-documentation: docs/how-to-guides/wsl-integration/use-wsl-profiles.md

Then complete the relevant fields:

- **Title**: A title for the profile. For example, "Contoso Web Developer"
- **Description**: A description for the profile which summarizes the configurations in the profile's associated cloud-init.yaml file. For example, "Install NodeJS and NPM"
- **Access group**: The access group the profile will apply to. Restricts which instances the profile can manage and which users can edit and execute the profile.
- **rootfs image**: The rootfs image to be installed. These correspond to the available WSL Ubuntu releases on the Microsoft Store. The Ubuntu image corresponds to the latest release available on the store and will give the WSL instance the ability to upgrade to the next release when it's available. If you have a custom rootfs image, you can provide the URL instead by selecting **From URL**. If you want multiple copies of the same rootfs image, you must use the **From URL** selection and provide a unique name.
  - **Image name**: The name of the rootfs image that will be installed on the WSL instance.

>   - **rootfs image URL**: The URL of the rootfs image that will be installed on the WSL instance. This URL must be reachable by the affected WSL instances. Available rootfs images are listed in an `Ubuntu` array, within a `ModernDistributions` object, in a [manifest.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/canonical/ubuntu-pro-for-wsl/beta/manifest.json) file. Adding a manifest.json to a Windows machine's registry makes those WSL rootfs images available for self-service install using the `wsl --install` command, from within the Command Prompt, Powershell, or Windows Terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **rootfs image URL**: The URL of the rootfs image that will be installed on the WSL instance. This URL must be reachable by the Windows host machine. Available rootfs images are listed in an `Ubuntu` array, within a `ModernDistributions` object, in a [manifest.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/canonical/ubuntu-pro-for-wsl/beta/manifest.json) file. Adding a manifest.json to a Windows machine's registry makes those WSL rootfs images available for self-service install using the `wsl --install` command, from within the Command Prompt, Powershell, or Windows Terminal:
```
Originally from https://github.com/canonical/landscape-documentation/pull/120/files#r2557896776

>   - **rootfs image URL**: The URL of the rootfs image that will be installed on the WSL instance. This URL must be reachable by the affected WSL instances. Available rootfs images are listed in an `Ubuntu` array, within a `ModernDistributions` object, in a [manifest.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/canonical/ubuntu-pro-for-wsl/beta/manifest.json) file. Adding a manifest.json to a Windows machine's registry makes those WSL rootfs images available for self-service install using the `wsl --install` command, from within the Command Prompt, Powershell, or Windows Terminal:

Author: The instructions on how to create a manifest.json are here: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/build-custom-distro

We have provided a manifest.json as an example, which obtains the Ubuntu images from Microsoft. Companies can self-host the images and modify the manifest.json

>   - **rootfs image URL**: The URL of the rootfs image that will be installed on the WSL instance. This URL must be reachable by the affected WSL instances. Available rootfs images are listed in an `Ubuntu` array, within a `ModernDistributions` object, in a [manifest.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/canonical/ubuntu-pro-for-wsl/beta/manifest.json) file. Adding a manifest.json to a Windows machine's registry makes those WSL rootfs images available for self-service install using the `wsl --install` command, from within the Command Prompt, Powershell, or Windows Terminal:

Reviewer 2: > We have provided a manifest.json as an example, which obtains the Ubuntu images from Microsoft.

The manifest Microsoft maintains and `wsl.exe` uses by default when one commands `wsl --install -d ...` or `wsl --list --online`  is https://raw.githubusercontent.com/microsoft/WSL/refs/heads/master/distributions/DistributionInfo.json.

The one you're linking in your PR is one I put together for the besta testing of Pro for WSL with Landscape, which relied on custom images using cloud-init, landscape-client and wsl-pro-service from PPAs, described in the "Ubunt Pro for WSL beta - Getting Started Guide" document for beta testers.

If this PR aims to provide general, long-lived (post-beta) documentation about the WSL features I don't think we should use that URL, but rather provide just an example URL which doesn't even have to exist.

>   - **rootfs image URL**: The URL of the rootfs image that will be installed on the WSL instance. This URL must be reachable by the affected WSL instances. Available rootfs images are listed in an `Ubuntu` array, within a `ModernDistributions` object, in a [manifest.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/canonical/ubuntu-pro-for-wsl/beta/manifest.json) file. Adding a manifest.json to a Windows machine's registry makes those WSL rootfs images available for self-service install using the `wsl --install` command, from within the Command Prompt, Powershell, or Windows Terminal:

Author: Perfect; well in that case, since it's still a Beta, we should accept Yanisa's suggestion to include the Beta designation in parenthesis. Thanks Carlos!

    ```
    $distributionListUrl = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/canonical/ubuntu-pro-for-wsl/beta/manifest.json"
    Set-ItemProperty -Path "HKLM:SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Lxss" -Name DistributionListUrl -Value "$distributionListUrl" -Type String -Force
    ```
    Alternatively, rootfs images can be self-hosted within a corporate network, and the appropriate URLs can be set as the rootfs image URL in Landscape. You can build your own images, or use these:
      - Jammy: https://up4w.blob.core.windows.net/beta/wsl_images/ubuntu_22.04.wsl

>       - Noble: https://up4w.blob.core.windows.net/beta/wsl_images/ubuntu_24.04.wsl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Jammy (beta): https://up4w.blob.core.windows.net/beta/wsl_images/ubuntu_22.04.wsl
      - Noble (beta): https://up4w.blob.core.windows.net/beta/wsl_images/ubuntu_24.04.wsl
```
We should specify that they're beta, just to be more clear on the contents. In case UP4W releases a "stable" one at some point and we don't know - I don't want users to click on a beta link thinking it's stable

Author: These are not beta images... @CarlosNihelton what do you think?
